it's here look let's make some headway
shall we
I've no need how many prizes did we take
together was privateers there's a chasm
of difference between joining a raid and
captaining one we're looking out for
merchants boys then that's fat with
cargo find us a schooner with that
spyglass gently you'll get yourself a
glimpse of what sort of cargo they're
shipping and a general idea of their
toughness take out your way schooners
are too small to people he could I
take us in close project authority
demands respect that you will never give
yourself fire retardancy will and land a
few strikes if you must but for God's
sake don't sink her
it's no fun fishing cargo out of the sea
although it can be done
he's disabled now and taking on a decent
amount of water so he be a challenge
quiets
hey tango home Buendia Senor I am
captain hornigold that this is my crew
we're sailors like yourselves but
White's not alike in our purpose we
intend to take all that you own you no
harm shall befall any man so long as he
remains at ease is that clear mmmm si
Senor
Familia there are few people anyone
speak English English little bit tell
your friends for stealing your goods and
we won't hurt nobody
everyone stays as still as a sign bond
you got that please do repeat Oh for
fuck's sake I'll come in the hole take
everything that isn't nailed down